Update Security-Focused-Guide-for-AI-Code-Assistant-Instructions.md (#954)
ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers: docs/Security-Focused-Guide-for-AI-Code-Assistant-Instructions.md

Short on time? Here's what really matters:

> * **You Are the Developer – AI is the Apprentice:** The developer (you) remains in full control of the code, and you responsible for harms that may be caused by the code. Critically evaluate and edit AI-generated code just as you would code written by a human colleague and never blindly accept suggestions. [[ifip2021]](#ifip2021) [[anssibsi2024a]](#anssibsi2024a)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **You Are the Developer – AI is the Assistant:** The developer (you) remains in full control of the code, and you are responsible for any harms that may be caused by the code. Critically evaluate and edit AI-generated code just as you would code written by a human colleague and never blindly accept suggestions. [[ifip2021]](#ifip2021) [[anssibsi2024a]](#anssibsi2024a)
```

Reviewer: A lot people love "vibe coding" where they just accept what the AI says. This can have its uses. Instead of saying you can't ever do it, emphasize the need to avoid harm.

Reviewer 2: I too prefer assistant over apprentice
